Clarify that positional parameters can create fields (#44691)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/builtin-types/record.md

The remainder of this article discusses both `record class` and `record struct` types. The differences are detailed in each section. You should decide between a `record class` and a `record struct` similar to deciding between a `class` and a `struct`. The term *record* is used to describe behavior that applies to all record types. Either `record struct` or `record class` is used to describe behavior that applies to only struct or class types, respectively.

## Positional syntax for property and field definition

> You can use positional parameters to declare properties of a record and to initialize the property values when you create an instance:

Reviewer: Should this intro also mention fields?

Author: I didn't on purpose. The default behavior is properties, and fields are introduced a bit later in this section. I can rewrite this one.

The preceding example also shows how to create XML documentation comments for the record. You can add the `<param>` tag to add documentation for the primary constructor's parameters.

If the generated automatically implemented property definition isn't what you want, you can define your own property or field of the same name. For example, you might want to change accessibility or mutability, or provide an implementation for either the `get` or `set` accessor. If you declare the member in your source, you must initialize it from the positional parameter of the record. If your property is an automatically implemented property, you must initialize the property. If you add a backing field in your source, you must initialize the backing field. The generated deconstructor uses your property or field definition. For instance, the following example declares the `FirstName` and `LastName` properties of a positional record `public`, but restricts the `Id` positional parameter to `internal`. You can use this syntax for records and record struct types.

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/shared/RecordType.cs" id="PositionalWithManualProperty":::

> If you wanted to create a field instead of a property, you would assign the positional parameter to a field, as shown in the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to create a field instead of a property, assign the positional parameter to a field, as shown in the following example:
```
